Aw, I knew it!
I guess I lose again today.
Ow!
What was that for?!
You're the one who wanted to compete to see
who was the more compact,
environmentally-friendly girl, Megumin!
Perhaps you should ask your own
blighted heart that question!
M-Megumin, stress isn't great
for growth, you know.
Oh! You're here, too, Megumin.
One second. I've got something
nice for you to eat.
Megumin is as cute as ever today.
And Megumin is so fluffy, too.
Okay, here you go.
Aw, you're such a cutie, Megumin!
Come on!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 2: Guardians of the Crimson Demon Village
Would someone please give
this thing a name already?!
I-I get what you mean,
but we've kind of already got it
in our heads that this is Megumin.
See? She's even warmed up to me
enough that I can pick her up.
Maybe it'd be better if you were
the one to change your name inste—
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
You traitor! You don't care if your
rival's name changes, is that it?!
Then how about Ink?
Little Ink.... H-How's that sound?
Because, y'know... she's a black cat.
No?
Might be a good idea. Weird
names are easier to remember.
Yeah, as weird as it is.
I-It's weird?
Well, I suppose this freakish "Ink"
will serve as a label for now.
And should you ever actually
become my familiar,
I'll provide you with a
nicer, more sensible name.
Attention!
We've got word that the monsters in
the area are getting ornery again.
All the adults are going to
be investigating that today,
so afternoon class will be free
study in the library! That is all!
Study sessions don't earn you any skill points,
so they feel like such a waste of time.
I can't wait to learn magic.
Like the adults used the other day.
Knowing you, Arue, I bet you have
enough skill points saved up
to use advanced magic already.
Not quite yet, no.
But maybe Megumin...
"Users of explosion magic are
often called 'landmine mages,'
and are frequently excluded
from adventuring parties."
I've come here so many times, and at some
point learned everything there is within.
The Unfettered Lord?
Yunyun.
Could you hand that book over to me?
Well, I don't mind, but I didn't
know you read stuff like this.
Fish Are Friends?
This is clearly not what I meant!
I was talking about The Unfettered Lord!
What? You like this series, too?
It's such a treat!
I've read it so many times!
Volume two's climax is so—
Cease with the spoilers, please!
And why are you even
looking at the other one?
Was there nothing that
applied to mammals, at least?
But look here!
It says that cacti have hearts, too!
That means you can be friends with plants...
Cut it out! What did I do
to earn that pitying gaze?!
Honestly... If you're that
desperate for friends,
just take back that claim
of being my rival, and...
Hey, Yunyun, are you reading
those weird books again?
If you want friends that bad, how about us?
What did you just say?!
Just now! Say that again?!
Okay, that's close! Too close!
I-I'm just suggesting we could be friends...
If it isn't Funikura and Dodonko.
A friend isn't something
you can just decide to be.
Friendship happens naturally.
My name is Funifura! Would it kill
you to learn your classmates' names?
I-It's an honor to be joining you!
Please, treat me kindly!
Uh, do you... understand
how friendship works?
You do, don't you?
Anyway, I'm pretty sure this guy is into me.
But the thing is, there's this guy
from my past life that I promised
to be with if we were reborn, right?
So wouldn't that be, like, cheating?
Oh, it's fine!
I came up with a scenario
where my prince charming
is imprisoned at the bottom
of the deepest dungeon...
Er, I mean, I'm pretty sure he is there,
so I want to learn magic fast
so I can go and save him.
There is something incredibly
cringeworthy about this conversation.
I-I had no idea.
You two are amazing!
Eh, I'll leave it be.
You little—
How about you, Yunyun?
Do you have a type—
I mean, what was your lover
like in your past life?
Me?
I-I think I'd like someone
quiet and mild-mannered,
who's nice enough to hear
me out and really listen.
Well, that's bland.
It really is.
Huh? Where'd the hair tie go?
Need ammo...
Gonna borrow this!
Victory is mine!
Megumin!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Were you seriously snapping hair
ties for fun?! Are you a child?!
You've got it all wrong! There was a spider!
He captured my attention with
his taunting, and, well...
"Well" what?!
I've never had a friend do my hair before!
L-Look, Megumin does seem sorry,
and we can always do your hair again...
I'm so sorry, Funifura!
You did such a wonderful job... I was
ready to never change my hair again...
Th-There's no need for that, seriously!
It's too much! A little too much attachment!
You girls seem to be enjoying
your adolescence.
Bukkorori?
What's the village NEET doing here?
You managed to learn Teleport, then?
Indeed!
All thanks to you girls leaving me to
struggle with that extreme situation.
On that day, something within me awakened...
But wait, in terms of
Teleport destinations...
Right. You can only register three
readily-available locations.
So why the library?
Nostalgia, mostly.
I used to subtly check out the books
that I knew Soketto had checked out.
She's quite an enthusiastic learner, you see.
So in addition to fortune-telling books,
she'd read self-improvement,
and romance novels...
And a few titles I'd be embarrassed
to mention out loud.
But one day, she suddenly
stopped visiting the library.
It seems she was heading into the woods to
train every day, so I started doing the same.
Oh, but of course, my other Teleport
location is in front of her house!
I can't exactly go inside, after all!
Wait... So he's a stalker?
We've gotta tell someone! Report him!
B-But the adults are all busy
with the investigation...
Investigation? What investigation?
No one told me anything.
Anyway, I'm here today to
ask you girls for advice—
Forget about it, and rest. Eternally.
Let's bury him!
Now, hang on—
Whoa, that's—
That's a lot! That's a lot of books!
Too many!
I didn't want to get lost
in the stacks like this!
Just wait a sec! Hear me out!
I've known Bukkorori since I was little,
and he has always been
worthless to the core.
Doesn't that make him kind
of like a brother to you?
Aren't you a little attached?
Not at all, no.
My soul sisters...
Soketto is as beautiful as ever today.
I wish I was trash so that
I could be swept up at her feet.
As a NEET, aren't you
basically trash already?
M-Megumin!
And to be hung up on the Crimson
Demon's foremost beauty,
when you're nothing but a
completely unremarkable NEET.
We should go. There's no hope here.
I'm begging you two!
Go and ask Soketto what her type is for me!
She's a fortune-teller! Just have
her read your romantic fortune!
Is that some kind of NEETist joke?!
If I could afford it, I'd get my
fortune read every damn day!
Look, I'll treat you! Next time I get
some cash, I'll treat you to a meal!
Um, that really isn't the issue...
And you'll treat Komekko, too?
But of course, my sister!
Megumin?!
I think the trick is just creating
the initial opportunity.
Listen well.
First, Yunyun, you'll threaten Soketto
with that almost entirely
ornamental dagger of yours.
That's when Bukkorori,
who is coincidentally walking by...
...saves her in the nick of time!
No way! This is stupid! Are you stupid?!
Then the dagger is completely ornamental?
If you're not going to use it, it'll just rust.
I-I just don't see the need!
Beating monsters in this area
offers a pretty high bounty,
so he could use that money to
have her read his fortune...
Rejected.
As Crimson Demons, we must strive
for the cooler alternative.
Bingo.
Here.
Light of Reflection!
Okay, I'm counting on you!
Why go invisible?!
Obviously so he can save her with
the coolest timing possible.
I-Is that NEET...
What is your problem?!
Day after day, you do this!
I-I promise, it wasn't anything untoward!
It was genuine intellectual
curiosity, as a mage,
to know which colors are popular
among Crimson Demon women!
Bukkorori has something he
wants to tell you, Soketto.
Wha—
Really? What a coincidence.
I wanted to tell you something, too.
M-Me, too... Soketto, I've always—
I had no idea you hated me so much!
You should've said something sooner!
I don't know what it is
that bothers you so much,
but it's cowardly how you
follow me around everywhere!
And to go so far as to try to ambush me?!
N-No! This... It's not what you...
One-Punch Bears don't usually travel in packs!
Th-They said that the monsters
have become more active
since the seal on the Dark God is weakening!
Now, Yunyun, the time has come for that
stylish dagger of yours to go to work.
Megumin?!
It's all right.
You two stay behind me.
I've got this.
I want to protect your smile.
Diabolic flames, run wild!
Inferno!
Soketto?!
How stupid can you be?!
I mean, I only know advanced magic,
so it's hard to hold back!
Every single day with you...
But this time, it ends.
Honestly...
If you were desperate enough to enter the
woods to earn cash for a fortune-reading,
you could have just told me, and I would've
given you your first session for free.
Really?!
Well, I was almost burnt
to death in the process,
but you did technically save
me from a pack of monsters.
So, what did you want to know about?
W-Well, I was thinking...
my future girlfriend...
No, wife!
Or maybe, the person who'll
fall in love with me?
Oh, I don't know which to choose!
Your future lover, in other words.
The woman you're likely to end up with
should appear in the crystal ball soon.
It shouldn't be long now...
I don't see anything...
H-Huh?
That's odd. Everyone usually has
at least one person who appears...
Wh-What is this? It hurts way worse
than if she had just rejected me!
I know he's a NEET, but even I feel bad now.
What should we do?
I wasn't expecting it to be this bad.
I can hear you both, y'know!
Could you rake my soul over hot coals
somewhere I don't have to hear it?!
I-It's all right!
My fortunes aren't always correct.
I tried to predict the weather
once, when I was little,
and even though I got "mostly cloudy," five
minutes later, there was a slight drizzle...
The world sucks!
As much of a failure as he is,
he seems kind of interesting.
It's strange.
Um...
What is it?
U-Um, have you ever read your
own fortune, Soketto?
About your destined mate, for example...
Fortune-tellers can't
predict their own future.
When it comes to my own fate,
the crystal ball won't show anything.
Why do you ask?
N-No reason.
I'm just struck by how, sometimes,
you really have to put things into words.
Am I the only one who gets
really hungry right about now?
Tell me about it!
I want something soft to eat...
You need only express how you feel!
Got it!
Do you think things will work
out for those two someday?
Hard to say. Soketto's fortunes do tend to
come true, but the future is malleable.
If only he could be honest and
say he wants to get to know her.
I honestly think Bukkorori needs to
find a job before anything else.
He still owes me a meal.
I've always wanted to ask, Megumin.
Is food really all you want?
Have you never thought about
finding someone nice?
I have grand ambitions. That doesn't
afford time for romantic tomfoolery.
But you want to be an adventurer, right?
If you spend all your time with someone
from your party, helping each other out...
True enough. And I do hear that's
how a lot of marriages come to be.
Whatever the case,
if I were to fall for someone,
I'm sure he'd be a dashing, peerless hero!
I wouldn't be too surprised if you
ended up with someone normal.
Attention!
So, after examining the Dark God's tomb,
we've learned that lower level monsters
have begun to wander the vicinity!
Until the seal is fully restored, nobody
walks home alone! Use the buddy system!
That is all!
Huh? W-Walking home with someone?
If you insist...
Hey, Yunyun. You're probably
headed home alone, right?
Wanna walk with us?
You're the only one with a weapon, after all.
I'd feel better knowing you're there.
M-Megumin!
Weren't you going home with
Funifura and Dodonko?
W-Well, you know... The monsters!
It's dangerous to go home alone.
So I thought... w-we could...
Are you serious about protecting
me with that dagger?
Huh? Oh... Yeah! I am!
I am the foremost prodigy
among the Crimson Demons.
And far more talented than you, Yunyun.
I'd rather you not underestimate me.
Wh-What's the attitude for?
You used me as a shield from those
One-Punch Bears the other day!
Very well! It's time I settled
things once and for all
with my self-proclaimed rival, Yunyun!
S-Self-proclaimed?!
I mean, I can't deny that...
Okay, then! You can decide the
contest, as usual, Megumin!
She scared me. It was just Ink, huh?
She's lost some weight.
I doubt I have to worry about
Komekko trying to eat her anymore.
Yunyun.
Let's walk home together. We can
pick up something to eat on the way.
R-Really?!
B-But we're rivals!
Rivals going home together
would be weird, right?
B-Besides, you make it sound nice,
but I know you'll just be after my food!
Never mind, then.
Hey, wait!
T-Tomorrow! We can resume
the rivalry tomorrow!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 4: "The Crimson-Eyed Lonely Master"
Big trouble, Megumin!
Funifura's little brother is sick!
There's talk about raising funds for him.
Very well!
Then let's mask up and rob
the local apothecary.
As her friends!
That'd be criminal!
And it wouldn't solve the problem!
N-Next time, we'll be at your job with an...
Explosion!